_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Future Researcher with Entrepreneurial Spirit

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_img.png
  image_circular: false
  more_info: >
    <p>📧 phongsakon@outlook.dk</p>
    <p>📍 Sønderborg, Region Süddänemark, Denmark</p>
    <p>🔗 <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/phongsakonmarkkonrad">LinkedIn</a></p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
under_development: true # includes a banner indicating the site is under development

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 6 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true # enable blog posts
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 1 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Nothing very special here, just a normal guy, who likes deep learning.

I am currently working as a Research Assistant at Syddansk Universitet - University of Southern Denmark, participating in machine learning research projects in the data and intelligence lab. I'm passionate about building machine learning pipelines, writing research papers, and exploring the fascinating intersection between research and entrepreneurship.

**Languages:**
- German (Native)
- English (Professional Working)
- Thai (Native)
- Danish (Elementary)

**Top Skills:**
- Machine Learning & Deep Learning
- Research & Academia
- Software Engineering
- Entrepreneurship

Commit message:

Update about section with comprehensive personal story, update teaching assistant details, and create acknowledgments page for Serkan Ayvaz and Toygar Tanyel

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Future Researcher with Entrepreneurial Spirit

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_img.png
  image_circular: false
  more_info: >
    <p>📧 phongsakon@outlook.dk</p>
    <p>📍 Sønderborg, Region Süddänemark, Denmark</p>
    <p>🔗 <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/phongsakonmarkkonrad">LinkedIn</a></p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
under_development: true # includes a banner indicating the site is under development

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 6 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true # enable blog posts
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 1 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Nothing very special here, just a normal guy who likes deep learning.

## My Journey: From Navy to Neural Networks

My path to academia isn't exactly a straight line. After moving from Thailand to Germany at 13, I served in the German Navy for four years, where I earned formal recognition and an outstanding performance award. Afterwards, I moved to Denmark for my studies and co-founded two startups. I left the second company (which is still running) because I discovered my real passion isn't in business, but in academic research.

I've been a research assistant with Associate Professor Serkan Ayvaz in the Data and Intelligence Lab since my third semester at SDU. Since my software engineering program doesn't have a formal ML course, everything I know is self-taught, guided by discussions with him. He's given me the freedom to formulate my own research ideas on specific topics, and it's been an incredibly productive time. I'm the first author on all my projects: my paper on image segmentation was accepted at KES 2025, I have a survey paper under review, and another in preparation. On one project, I even managed to outperform a deep learning SOTA model for fruit quality analysis with hyperspectral camera by using traditional ML with careful data engineering, feature engineering, and hyperparameter tuning.

Outside of research, I love testing my skills in competitions. I recently won the SDU sustainability case competition, placed in the top 10 in a national AI competition, and took part in the MIT AI Global Hackathon.

## Research Interests & Future Goals

My interest in psychology, philosophy, and neuroscience is what's pulling me from computer vision toward the cognitive side of AI. Lately, I've been thinking about deeper concepts, like how we might formalize 'model dreaming' and if it could be a way for models to learn from their own internally generated realities. This seems especially relevant for preventing future 'model collapse' as the internet becomes saturated with non-human data. It is these foundational challenges, alongside the current debate on model reasoning, that drive my desire to work on trustworthiness and explainability in AI systems.

My long-term goal is to pursue a PhD and build a career as an ML researcher, or perhaps one day become a professor. I believe the best preparation for this path is to tackle the fundamental problems in our field, which is why I'm drawn to research on cognitively grounded, trustworthy AI systems.

**Languages:**
- German (Native)
- English (Professional Working)
- Thai (Native)
- Danish (Elementary)

**Top Skills:**
- Machine Learning & Deep Learning
- Research & Academia
- Software Engineering
- Entrepreneurship
