_pages/profiles.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /people/
title: people
description: Acknowledgments and collaborators who have shaped my journey.
nav: true
nav_order: 7
---

## Acknowledgments

In this section, I want to thank the people who have been instrumental in my academic and professional journey:

### Associate Professor Serkan Ayvaz
**Syddansk Universitet - University of Southern Denmark**  
[Google Scholar Profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ihaclQQAAAAJ&hl=en)

My research supervisor and mentor in the Data and Intelligence Lab. Serkan hired me, when I was in my 3rd Semester as a bachelor software enginering student at SDU. When I was first semestser I wrote him about my interest in ML and asked him questions, how and what to learn and he suggested me some resources I have been 

### Toygar Tanyel
**Collaborator and Mentor**  
[Google Scholar Profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=Nj5PIzcAAAAJ&hl=tr)

While guiding me through my first paper, "Beyond Major Floods: Deep Learning for Detecting Shallow Water Inundation in Agricultural Areas," Toygar taught me so much. He covered the essentials of academic work, from conducting a literature review to writing a strong paper and creating compelling figures. Most importantly, he gave me an honest look at the realities of academia. His industry experience was also invaluable, as he taught me how to build robust ML pipelines and follow best practices. He truly laid a solid foundation for my career in every sense.

---

*This section will be updated as I continue my journey and meet more inspiring people who contribute to my growth as a researcher.*

Commit message:

Update bibliography with new publications, including detailed abstracts and titles for several research papers. Revise the 'about' and 'profiles' pages for improved clarity and professionalism, including updates to personal narratives and acknowledgments. Enhance the 'publications' page with a broader description of research interests and upcoming publication links. Update the 'teaching' page to reflect specific responsibilities and course content for the upcoming AI course.

_pages/profiles.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /people/
title: People
description: Acknowledgments and collaborators who have shaped my journey.
nav: true
nav_order: 7
---

## Acknowledgments

In this section, I want to thank the people who have been instrumental in my academic and professional journey.

### Associate Professor Serkan Ayvaz
**Syddansk Universitet - University of Southern Denmark**  
[Google Scholar Profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ihaclQQAAAAJ&hl=en)

My research supervisor and mentor in the Data and Intelligence Lab. My journey with Serkan began in my first semester, when I wrote to him about my interest in ML. He guided me toward valuable resources that I have followed ever since. He later hired me as a Research Assistant during my third semester as a software engineering undergraduate.

Since my program has no dedicated ML courses, I've had to learn everything on my own. Throughout this process, I could always go to Serkan with questions, and he would patiently explain things to me. He taught me the most important principle: to do research based on genuine interest, not for fame or reputation. He also showed me the entire process, from how to conduct research to preparing a paper for publication.

Without him, I wouldn't be where I am today.

### Toygar Tanyel
**Collaborator and Mentor**  
[Google Scholar Profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=Nj5PIzcAAAAJ&hl=tr)

While guiding me through my first paper, "Beyond Major Floods: Deep Learning for Detecting Shallow Water Inundation in Agricultural Areas," Toygar taught me so much. He covered the essentials of academic work, from conducting a literature review to writing a strong paper and creating compelling figures. Most importantly, he gave me an honest look at the realities of academia. His industry experience was also invaluable, as he taught me how to build robust ML pipelines and follow best practices. He truly laid a solid foundation for my career in every sense.

---

*This section will be updated as I continue my journey and meet more inspiring people who contribute to my growth as a researcher.*
