_pages/teaching.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /teaching/
title: teaching
description: Teaching and mentoring experience.
nav: true
nav_order: 6
---

## Teaching Experience

### Teaching Assistant - AI Course
**Syddansk Universitet - University of Southern Denmark**  
*February 2026 - June 2026*

I will be serving as a Teaching Assistant for an AI course under the supervision of [Associate Professor Serkan Ayvaz](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ihaclQQAAAAJ&hl=en). This role will involve:

- Supporting AI course instruction and student guidance
- Assisting with course materials and student assessments
- Helping students understand complex machine learning concepts
- Drawing from my research experience to provide practical insights

This teaching opportunity aligns perfectly with my goal of pursuing an academic career and will allow me to share my passion for machine learning with the next generation of students.

---

*This page will be updated as I gain more teaching experience throughout my academic journey.*

Commit message:

Update bibliography with new publications, including detailed abstracts and titles for several research papers. Revise the 'about' and 'profiles' pages for improved clarity and professionalism, including updates to personal narratives and acknowledgments. Enhance the 'publications' page with a broader description of research interests and upcoming publication links. Update the 'teaching' page to reflect specific responsibilities and course content for the upcoming AI course.

_pages/teaching.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /teaching/
title: Teaching
description: My experience as a teaching assistant.
nav: true
nav_order: 6
---

## Teaching Experience

### Teaching Assistant - Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
**Syddansk Universitet - University of Southern Denmark**  
*February 2026 - June 2026*

I will be a Teaching Assistant for the bachelor's course "Introduction to Artificial Intelligence," supervised by [Associate Professor Serkan Ayvaz](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ihaclQQAAAAJ&hl=en).

My main responsibility will be to help students translate theory into practice during the weekly exercise sessions. My work will involve:

-   Developing and preparing hands-on exercises based on the course's core topics.
-   Leading the exercise sessions, guiding students as they work through problems and debug their code.
-   Assisting students in implementing key algorithms in Python, helping to solidify their understanding of the material.
-   Providing support on the machine learning component of the course, ensuring students can apply the concepts discussed in lectures.

#### Course Content Overview
The course provides a broad introduction to the foundational concepts of AI, including:
-   **Foundations of AI:** History, philosophy, and ethics.
-   **Problem-Solving with Search:** Uninformed and informed strategies, heuristics, and adversarial search for games.
-   **Knowledge & Reasoning:** Using propositional and first-order logic for knowledge representation and inference.
-   **Classical Planning:** Automated planning techniques.
-   **Machine Learning:** An introduction to supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning.

I look forward to the practical nature of this role. I believe that working through problems and helping others with their code is one of the best ways to gain a deep, intuitive grasp of foundational concepts. This experience will be an important part of my own academic journey.

---

*This page will be updated as I gain more teaching experience throughout my academic journey.*
